Benefits

Flexible repayment options that take into account your present and future needs
Flexible choice of facility. Choose from a term loan, an overdraft or a combination of both. Under the combination option, the ratio of the term loan to overdraft is flexible and only subject to a minimum amount of RM10,000 for each facility type
Higher loan eligibility
Longer repayment period of up to 35 years or until the age of 70, whichever event occurs first
Higher loan margin of up to 95% of the value of the house (including capitalisation of related expenses such as MRTA premium)
Enjoy MRTA coverage, which settles your outstanding mortgage and transfers the title deed to your family in the event of death or total and permanent disability
Flexibility to revise monthly installments to suit your financial situation
A choice to service the interest portion or have monthly installments commence immediately instead of upon full loan disbursement
Easy installment payment via Maybank branches, ATMs, Phone Banking, and online via Maybank2u.com
Flexibility to redraw advance/additional payments made in excess of the normal monthly repayment amount. Redrawing via M2U (for conventional loan only) or over-the-counter (for Conventional & Islamic financing) is subject to a RM25 fee per transaction.
Competitive financing rates
A unique personal loan facility
We offer different packages to meet your personal investment needs or contingencies including children's education or home improvements.

Refinancing
Refinance your home loan with Maybank and enjoy savings with attractive refinancing features.  Add a top up facility on top of your redemption sum for renovations, educational expenses, etc for a total financing of up to 90% of the current market value of your house.

Re-mortgage
Re-mortgage a house that has been fully paid for or is free from encumbrances to release cash from your largest fixed asset without having to sell.

Redraw
If you have had a housing loan with Maybank for more than 6 months, you may opt for additional financing at any time. The total loan amount (e.g. current loan outstanding plus additional financing) can be up to 90% of the current market value of your house.

Required documents
COMPULSORY DOCUMENTS
Application Form duly completed
IDENTITY DOCUMENTS

NRIC / Identity Card
Latest Valid Passport & VISA/Working Permit/Employment Pass
Business Registration/Form 24 & 49
PROPERTY DOCUMENTS

Copy of Sales & & Purchase or Booking Receipt or Letter of Offer from Developer
Copy of Individual Title Deed
Property Valuation Report is required for completed property more than 6 months
INCOME EVIDENCES

For Salary Earners/Gainfully Employed

Latest 3 consecutive months salary slips/vouchers
Latest 6 consecutive months of commission statement
Latest EPF statements (with 3 consecutive months or more transaction history)
Latest EA Form
Latest 6 months Bank Statement
Letter of Confirmation of Employment and Remuneration